[Music]
hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a psychological
horror film orphan
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
kate has a happy family of three the
considerate husband
the lively 12 year old son daniel and
the five-year-old daughter max
who's deaf though she's waiting eagerly
for her third child to this family
the peaceful life of them is brought to
an end however the unexpected stillbirth
of her third child
whose loss is particularly hard on kate
pushing her down into deep sorrow and
despair
she resorts to alcohol and pills as a
way out of her sufferings
which however leads to her being
dismissed by a local university
on her way to pick up the daughter home
kate almost gets in a car accident
resulting from her absent-mindedness
the couple decide to adopt a child to
this family they pay a visit to the
local orphanage someday
where they're impressed much by a
nine-year-old girl esther who's well
skilled at painting
losing her family to a fire disaster
though buster seems to stay unaffected
and positive to the couple
on her arrival at the new home for the
first time esther receives a warm
welcome from her little deaf sister
while daniel acts cold towards her for
the new sister attracts much of his
parents attention away from him
on the lightning night the couple have
to break off their hormone time
and allow esther to sleep next to the
father as she claims she's in fear of
the lightning
the next day esther goes to the new
school the classmates keep laughing at
her dress
after the class daniel knocks down her
bible book on purpose
the classmates however wrap her book and
continue to bully her
as a classmate tries to pull off the
ribbon around her neck
esther screams out loud horrifying all
the bully boys and girls
back home kate wants to teach her to
play piano and ask for the happenings on
her first school day
but esther feels reluctant to talk about
that as a mood switch
kate then takes esther to the garden
where she shows esther the flowers in
memory of her dead kid
who's actually buried below at a weekend
when they play around at the park hester
sees the bullying classmate
and seizes the chance to push her off
the slide injuring her badly
which however is witnessed exactly by
her little sister
at night when questioned by the father
about that accident esther denies what
she did to the classmate
and gets the little sister to stand in
her side
during dinner time however daniel
doesn't treat esther as his sister
intending to provoke her as a punishment
to his spoiled son
the father locks the tree house up not
allowing him to play there
until daniel makes his apology days
later
while kate is called by the sister of
the orphanage for any update on esther
esther asks max to spy on their
conversation with lip language
kate later happens to find someday
esther's actually skilled at playing
piano
which shocks kate as she knows esther
tries to hide something from her
she raises her suspicion over esther and
complains that to the husband
who however blames kate for her over
sensitivity towards a child
on the other side the sister of the
orphanage later pays a visit to the
household
and warns kate and the husband of other
tragic events surrounding esther
including the suspicious fire disaster
happening on her last family
the husband however is unwilling to
believe the nine-year-old esther would
be the suspect
but the sister also explains that she
needs more information for a conclusion
and plans to contact the previous
orphanage where esther stayed
which however is overheard by esther
with the help of max she obtains the key
to daniel's treehouse
and takes away a hammer planning to
revenge against the hostilities towards
her
moments later on the sisters way back
she baits her by pushing max onto the
road
where the horrified sister stops her car
to check on the young girl
she nearly runs over esther walks up
behind her
and bashes her over the head before
hiding all the evidence in daniel's
treehouse
with all done esther threatens max to
keep the secret for them
for she believes max is also involved
when leaving the tree house esther
catches daniel spying on her
so later that night she comes to
interrogate him and threatens to cut off
his bare hormone gun
if he tells his parents esther is
brought to the psychologist
but found nothing abnormal several days
later
the sister's body is found but the
police can't locate any suspect
as kate increases her suspicion over
esther she decides to continue the dead
sisters unfinished investigation
she then calls the previous orphanage
that esther claims she was from
but only to find there are no records of
her
wallister intentionally brings her a
bouquet of flowers from her dead kid's
grave
much to kate's anger she grabs esther's
arm in response
later that night esther goes wilder
however by breaking her arm purposely
and blaming that to kate before the
father who chooses to believe such an
innocent young
child rather than his wife frustrated by
her stupid husband
kate purchases two bottles of wine
however
while recalling her alcoholic past she
resists drinking
and empties one of the bottles into the
sink
the next morning on their arrival at
school esther baits kate to get off the
car
to pick up the dropped books for daniel
while she releases the break
causing the vehicle to slide off a slope
into the snow
knowing that esther sets her up though
kate can't persuade her husband to trust
her
who however shows her the wine she
bought last night believing that she
must have over drunk
and that leads to a mistake daniel later
learns about the sisters death from max
which is unfortunately overheard by
esther meanwhile
kate searches esther's room secretly
from her bible book
she notices a mystery institute logo
which she finds is actually a mental
hospital
rather than an orphanage she then sends
esther's photo there
to check her real identity the next day
as daniel searches the treehouse for the
murder evidence
esther locks him up and sets the tree
house on fire
causing him to fall and be seriously
injured
esther attempts to kill him but is
luckily prevented by max and the coming
mother while in the hospital
esther even tries to smother him kate
can't hold her anger anymore
she slaps this little devil in the face
which however
causes her to be physically restrained
in the hospital
back home that night with a sexy dress
and makeup esther attempts to seduce the
drunken father
who however gets upset by her
unbelievably overreaching behavior
and threatens to send her back to the
orphanage but he's later astonished to
find the dark and evil paintings
all over her room he realizes he
literally knows nothing about the
adopted daughter
while at the hospital kate is contacted
by the mystery mental hospital
who tells her that esther is actually a
33 year old woman
who has a rare hormone disorder that
stunted her physical growth
and has spent most of her life posing as
a little girl
wait a minute what an amazing hormone
disorder
please give me that hormone shot first
if any
so i could stay my 18 always
the ribbon zester wears around her
wrists and neck are actually used to
hide scars
from her trying to break out of the
chain lock what's more
she has murdered at least seven people
including the last
family that adopted her after failing to
seduce the husband
as kate rushes her way home after the
shocking truth
esther who gets refused again removes
her disguise
and goes on the rampage she then stabs
the father to death
which max witnesses she then grabs the
gun from the locker
and chases after max who seeks refuge in
the greenhouse
where kate breaks through the roof and
lands on top of her
kate takes her daughter out believing
that they're already safe
as the police are coming however esther
catches up later
and attacks kate near a frozen pond they
fight hard onto the ice
knocking the gun away max tries to shoot
esther with a gun
but shatters the ice instead sending
kate and esther underwater
as kate struggles hard to climb out of
the freezing water
esther grabs her legs and begs kate to
save her
kate however kicks her back into the
water putting an
end to her horrible life
this is daniel cc movie channel bye